Inside of that content, I went to have my input fields and a button to submit whatever the user entered
so to say. Now again, you can dive into the official docs to find out that there also is an ion-input
and you learned how to use that,
how to configure it and how you can combine it with a label for example, inside of an ion-item as it
turns out, to have a label next to it that behaves in a certain way,
for example it floats up when you click into the input. So we can also copy that code snippet to add
a couple of components at the same time and drop it in here and turn the link up there in a self-closing
tag just so that I get auto-completion back and I can reorganize the code automatically with a shortcut,
so that's all I did here, change the link to self-close itself.
So back to what we added, we added the ion-item here with a label of position floating and the text on the
label here should actually say expense reason
let's say, you can of course enter any text you want and below that, I'll have an ion-input
where I'll set the type attribute to text,
of course you'll find that in the official docs that you can do that.
And if I now save that and I reload the app, we see our input here, where I can enter an expense reason.
Now that is sweet,
let's also add another input below it where I will say expense amount and here this will be of type
number
because users should only be able to enter numbers here. If we save that and we reload,
we see that second input below the first one.
So that is nice
but what if we actually would want to wrap this in, let's say a little box instead of having it go across
the full width of the screen which looks especially strange on bigger screens?
Well that is no problem, we can put it into a so-called card and you might know this card look from other
pages, it's pretty popular these days,
as always you learned how to use it here in the official docs.
We can just add an ion-card element here and then take whatever should be in there and not add it directly
in it like this but add ion-card content, again something you learn with the help of the official
docs or in this course now and in that ion-card content,
I have my ion-items. Now inside of the ion-card but outside of the ion-card content, I'll also add
another element supported by Ionic which is the ion-card-header and this allows us to set up a nice
title in there by adding an ion-card title inside of that ion-card-header and I'll just add a title
of new expense here. Now with that ion-card added to the app here,
if we now reload, we have this nice card look with our input sitting in that box here which is quite
neat in my opinion. It still spans across the full width on bigger screens though,
so what can we do about that?